hey kids as you know I am one of the
producers on your movie good boys and
unfortunately I'm here with bad news you
guys cannot watch the trailer for your
own movie what it's just too messed up
for kids your age there's drugs there's
violence they're swearing and although
we've decided it's okay for you to do
these things in the movie
you can't watch yourselves do them in
the trailer that's up oh it is
up huh
you can say that if you can't watch
yourself say that that's up
welcome to Hollywood I found out these
weapons in my parents closet think your
parents let me wear this for Halloween
I'm nabi japanese for nunchucks okay I
smell it
[Music]
I'm having a party tomorrow even it can
throw a locust um they're my best
friends we did everything together just
so random two weeks in the 6th grade I'm
already a social piranha well does this
look like a sippy cup
no it's a juice box cuz I'm not
a child you do not want to go to
Sean's party not knowing you had a kiss
we could spy on my neighbor she's a
total nymphomaniac hey stranger things
go yourself
I need to get a closer look what the
this is what happens when you don't
respect women I respect women my mom is
my best right we're gonna be but that's
gonna kill me chill this is how we get
the drone back - cheers mama Burger tree
you took my bag oh my god there's Molly
in there okay who's Molly cuz she's not
with oxidases Christ
right I lie and kick a lot it is correct
here's the plan
I'm gonna go to the party with a beer so
everyone knows that I'm cool what do you
have your pants
my penis pull it out I also have a big
dick
oh hell no run around with drugs fight
with frat guy
[Music]
we're bad when you see real people
kissing I have an idea
[Music]
well what do you even kissed well not on
the mouths at least
you